The task is to create a menu with submenus at the
bottom of the page where the last menu choice
results in an image being loaded in the content
area above, according to the design images.

The menu structure should be loaded from the file
products.xml - menu tags being submenus, and
product tags specifying the image to load. A single
menu contains only one type of item, not a mixture
of submenus and products. The menu structure can be
of any depth but very deep paths does not have to
be taken into account in the design.

The image should be centered both vertically and
horizontally in the content area, and the layout of
the page should adjust dynamically when resizing
the page. When changing menu the loaded image can
remain until clicking on a menu item that leads to
another image being loaded.

The page should run on a webserver without any
special backend technologies. The languages are
limited to HTML, CSS and JavaScript, but external
libraries or frameworks may be used.

The look and design of the page is important, but
the main focus is the technical solutions to the
different problems, and how well written the code is.
The task is intended to take a couple of hours.